starts holesky deprecation (#476)
ensdomains/docs: src/pages/learn/deployments.mdx

### Holesky

> > ⚠️ Holesky deprecation notice.
> > 
> > Holesky testnet support is being phased out. Please migrate your workflows to Sepolia.
> 

Reviewer: Would prefer to use a native callout here

```suggestion
:::warning
Holesky testnet support is being phased out. Please migrate your workflows to Sepolia.
:::
```
